---
name: Help request
about: Ask for help with running/using the script
title: "[HELP] "
labels: help
assignees: ''

---

**Confirmation of Process**
1. You have read the [How to report issues](https://github.com/Zer0CoolX/guacamole-install-rhel/wiki/How-to-Report-Issues-(Bugs,-Feature-Request-and-Help)) wiki page? Y/N
2. Have you read the [wiki](https://github.com/Zer0CoolX/guacamole-install-rhel/wiki), checking all pages for information that may help you? Y/N
3. Have you read other requests to ensure this question has not already been asked and/or resolved? Y/N
4. You understand that this script comes without warranty and is provided as is without any expectation of help from myself or others? Y/N
5. You understand that submitting a help request does not guarantee a response or solution to your issue? Y/N

**Environment (please complete the following information):**

 - OS: [e.g. CentOS 7.6, RHEL 7.5, etc.]
 - OS Details: Installation method, Desktop Environment, etc. [e.g. minimal install, Server with GUI, Gnome, etc.]
 - Browser: Browser used from another machine other than the server to access Guacamole [e.g. chrome, safari]

**Guacamole Options Selected**

 - Extensions: [e.g. LDAP, custo, etc.]
 - Nginx: [e.g. security level, DHE, URI, etc.]
 - LetsEncrypt/Self-signed cert?
 - Circumstantial Settings: [e.g. LDAP info, LDAPS info, Key strengths, etc.]

**Logs & Error Messages (be sure not to include sensitive/personal information!)**
May include various logs like the one generated by the script or another source like /var/log/messages. Error message could be while running the script or when attempting to use Guacamole.

**Screenshots (be sure not to include sensitive/personal information!)**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**Describe the Issue**
A clear and concise description of what the problem is.

**Is the Problem Reproducible or Random?**
If its reproducible provide the steps to reproduce it.
